Chart Notes
3800 West Slaughter Lane,
Austin, TX 78000
Jane Doe
Phone: (912) 480-1800
Fax: (912) 480-1900
Patient: Doe, Jane
Acct #: 103254
DOB: 02/02/1878
Ins Co:
Pol #:
Insured ID:
Date
12/21/2020
Provider John Carter, DC - Anytown
Subjective:
Mrs. Jane Doe entered the office today for complaint(s) resulting from an automobile vs. automobile
incident having completed the patient intake questionnaire. The questionnaire was reviewed and annotated by
the examining provider as needed. The completed questionnaire is in the patient's permanent paper file and
available for review. She signed consent for evaluation and possible treatment of injuries sustained as a direct
result of the accident that occurred on or about 12/17/2020.
Jane presented for treatment today, complaining of frequent (50%-75%) sharp pain, shooting and diffuse
discomfort in the back of the neck, upper back, chest, mid back, low back, right shoulder both hips, right leg and
frequent headaches. She rated the intensity of discomfort, using a VAS, as a level 7 on a scale of 1 to 10 with
10 being the most severe. The discomfort was reported to increase with movement, applied pressure,
prolonged sitting and coughing/sneezing.
Objective:
HISTORY:
Chief Complaint: an acute left cervical, cervical, right cervical, right cervical dorsal, upper thoracic, left cervical
dorsal, right posterior shoulder, right mid thoracic, mid thoracic, right clavicular, right anterior shoulder, lower
thoracic, right lower thoracic, right lumbar, lumbar, left sacroiliac, left pelvic, sacral, right sacroiliac, right pelvic,
right buttock, right posterior leg, right hip, left hip, chest and headache complaint after a motor vehicle accident
on 12/17/2020.
- Radiation of symptoms: radiating to back of right shoulder, radiating to left hip, radiating to right hip and
radiating to back of right thigh
- Modifying factors: Aggravated by: turning of the head and looking down, changing positions, sleeping,
sitting, getting comfortable, difficulty getting out of bed, lifting, reaching, twisting, turning, has difficulty walking
and holding baby
- Previous episodes: denies past episodes
- Previous care: medical care from Christus Santa Rosa
- Recent Diagnostic tests: X-rays from Christus Santa Rosa
- ADL/Functional Deficits: Explains employment, traveling and/or driving, sleeping, lifting, sitting, standing,
personal care (washing, dressing, etc.), walking and homemaking has become difficult due to pain.
No additional concerns related by patient.
Past, Family and Social History:
- Past Health History:
- Surgery: none reported
- Medications: anti-inflammatory, muscle relaxer and painkillers
-
Illnesses: Denies Hx of diabetes, cancer, hypertension and progressive neurological disorders
-
Accidents: no previous trauma reported
- Family and Social History:
- Family History: Denies Hx of diabetes, cancer, hypertension and progressive neurological disorders
- Work Habits: difficult to perform daily duties due to pain
- Social Habits: does not drink alcohol and does not smoke cigarettes
- Exercise Habits: unknown
- Diet and Nutrition: no change in diet
EXAMINATION:
- Age/Gender/DOB: 42, Female, born 7/25/1978
Constitutional: average build
Printed: Wednesday, March 31, 2021 9:35:00 AM